Updating everything (#17)
sanger-tol/curationpretext: docs/output.md

</details>

> These files are always generated by the pipeline and viewed in PretextView ( a gui for pretext map manipulation ). As the viewing of the pretext files can be memory intensive to load, we also generate a png for a quick glance. These now by default havve the accessory files imbedded into the pretext file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are always generated by the pipeline and viewed in PretextView (a GUI for pretext map manipulation). As the viewing of the pretext files can be memory intensive to load, we also generate a png for a quick glance. These now by default have the accessory files embedded into the pretext file.
```
